the accuser her name is Tara Reid tells
CNN that the alleged incident happened
in 1993 while she was working as an aide
and Biden Senate office she is claiming
that she was delivering Biden a duffel
bag and says it Biden had her up against
the wall in a corridor on the hill and
violated her with his fingers now CNN as
Knapp has now spoken on the record with
her former neighbor who says Reid told
her about the allegation within a few
years of the alleged incident Biden's
campaign says untrue
never happened is this a credible
allegation I believe that women deserves
to be heard and I believe that they need
to be listened to but I also believe
that those allegations have to be
investigated by credible sources the New
York Times did a deep investigation and
they found that the accusation was not
credible
I believe Joe Biden I believe that he is
a person who has demonstrated that his
love of family his love of our community
has been made perfectly clear through
his work as a congressional leader and
as an American leader I know Joe Biden
and I think that he is telling the truth
and that this did not happen
she looked visibly visibly uncomfortable
there and you know Don Lemon did
basically the bare minimum follow-up
after that and talked about how she
tweeted about Christine glossy Ford and
she kind of gave another word salad
answer I want to like Stacey Abrams I
literally just gave her credit for being
consistent on the issue of voter
suppression because New York canceled
its presidential primary and she she
spoke out about that and I thought that
was awesome and I was I was happy that
the leading voice on voter suppression
had spoken out about that but what
really stuck out about that segment to
me was it seemed identical to the leaked
Biden talking points that BuzzFeed was
able to get ahold of great reporter over
there Ruby Kramer she also worked in
conjunction with Rosie gray on this
story and they were able to get their
hands on the Biden talking points about
tower Reid's allegation and what Stacey
Abrams said right
there was she recited the talking points
that were given and reported on by
BuzzFeed the Biden campaign circulated
talking points among top Democratic
supporters shortly after the New York
Times published a story earlier this
month not after the Interceptor Katie
Halpert did there no real media about
the allegation by Tara Reid a former
staff assistant in Biden Senate office
who says he assaulted her in 1993 the
messaging shows that while Biden has
stayed quiet on the allegations on the
eve of his nomination aides were taking
the claim seriously enough behind the
scenes to coordinate messaging among
other Democrats to try to cast the
matter as one that's been thoroughly
vetted and determined to be unfounded
Biden believes that all women have the
right to be heard and to have their
claims thoroughly reviewed the talking
points read according to a copy sent to
Democratic operatives in this case a
thorough review by the New York Times
has led to the truth this incident did
not happen the guidance to top Democrats
cast Biden as a lifelong fierce advocate
for women and the claims is
unequivocally untrue leaning heavily on
the April 12th report by the New York
Times outlining the allegations by read
very notably Kirsten Gillibrand also
according to a reporter echoed some of
those talking points as well so this is
going to be the playbook we have this
because of the reporting by BuzzFeed and
I think again I can't give them enough
credit this is really important that we
have the PlayBook that they're going to
use so I hope the New York Times is
happy that they are literally the the
report which by the way bus and Business
Insider the reporter there who got it
he's worked with Ronan Farrow in the
past a very credible reporter over a
bits Business Insider got the
corroboration so the New York Times
didn't have the reach or perm didn't try
hard enough didn't try hard enough to
get those two corroborating witnesses
that Business Insider was able to get
and so that's an update they can't just
lean on this New York Times report from
weeks ago that does not have that
corroboration that has just been found
by Business Insider Plus Ryan Grimm's
reporting on her mother calling in to
let to Larry King Live etc but I hope
the new york times is happy
I hope they're happy because they
couldn't find these corroborating
witnesses and now their report is being
used as the talking point to cover this
all up by the Biden campaign it is the
foundation for their denial
the New York Times that's what that
article that's what that investigation
serve full stop that's the only thing it
did and so you can imagine that people
might be cynical about the media when
the New York Times is article about this
is serving the purpose not to challenge
the powerful not to be the light in the
darkness and and and actually
investigate things but as a propaganda
source for the buying campaign and we're
seeing that in action